It’s fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure. Bill Gates
Hard choices, easy life. Easy choices, hard life. Jerzy Gregory
Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears. Albert Camus
Great hopes make great men. Thomas Fuller
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known. Sharon Begley
Memories of our lives, of our works and our deeds will continue in others. Rosa Parks
Nobody in life gets exactly what they thought they were going to get. But if you work really hard and you’re kind, amazing things will happen. Conan O’Brien
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power. Mary Pickford
Persistence overshadows even talent as the most valuable resource shaping the quality of life. Tony Robbins
I don’t dream at night, I dream all day; I dream for a living. Steven Spielberg
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around. Henry David Thoreau
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now. Napoleon Hill
We could never learn to be brave and patient, if there were only joys in the world. Helen Keller
You and you alone are the only person who can live the life that can write the story that you were meant to tell. Kerry Washington
We are here to make another world. W. Edwards Deming
It isn’t where you came from. It’s where you’re going that counts. Ella Fitzgerald
The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper. Bertrand Russell
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself. Joseph Campbell
What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail? Robert H. Schuller
The most important thing is this: To be able at any moment, to sacrifice what you are, for what you will become. Eric Thomas
At your birth a seed is planted. That seed is your uniqueness. It wants to grow, transform itself, and flower to its full potential. It has a natural, assertive energy to it. Your life’s task is to bring that seed to flower, to express your uniqueness through your work. Robert Greene
Everyone here has the sense that right now is one of those moments when we are influencing the future. Steve Jobs
Be who you were created to be and you will set the world on fire. Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community)
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped. Tony Robbins
One day, you’ll be just a memory for some people. Do your best to be a good one. Unknown
The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible. Arthur C. Clarke
It’s time to say goodbye to the person we’ve become, who we’ve worked so hard to perfect, and to make some crucial decisions in becoming who we’re going to be. Stephen Colbert
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. H. Jackson Brown Jr
When you have a dream, you’ve got to grab it and never let go. Carol Burnett
The limits of the possible can only be defined by going beyond them into the impossible. Arthur C. Clarke
Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes. Benjamin Disraeli
I dwell in possibility. Emily Dickinson
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. George Addair
Change your life today. Don’t gamble on the future, act now, without delay. Simone de Beauvoir
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows. Ralph Marston
Stop whining, start grinding. Eric Thomas
A will finds a way. Orison Swett Marden
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. Tony Robbins
I believe that the most important single thing, beyond discipline and creativity is daring to dare. Maya Angelou
Any great and inspiring leader or organization that ever existed set out to do something completely unrealistic. Simon Sinek
Great men are not born great, they grow great. Lewis Howes
Be willing to be uncomfortable. Be comfortable being uncomfortable. It may get tough, but it’s a small price to pay for living a dream. Peter McWilliams
Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. Sam Levenson
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other. Walter Elliot
Do you want to know who you are? Don’t ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. Thomas Jefferson
Follow your inner moonlight; don’t hide the madness. Allen Ginsberg
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one. Wayne Dyer
Step by step and the thing is done. Charles Atlas
A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week. George S. Patton
Do your work with your whole heart, and you will succeed – there’s so little competition. Elbert Hubbard
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand. Woodrow Wilson
If we wait until we’re ready, we’ll be waiting for the rest of our lives. Lemony Snicket
If you believe in yourself and have dedication and pride – and never quit, you’ll be a winner. The price of victory is high but so are the rewards. Paul Bryant
A champion is someone who gets up when he can’t. Jack Dempsey
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. Og Mandino
Quality is not an act, it is a habit. Aristotle
Don’t limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve. Mary Kay Ash
Reach for it. Push yourself as far as you can. Christa McAuliffe
Either I will find a way, or I will make one. Philip Sidney
Set your goals high, and don’t stop till you get there. Bo Jackson
The secret to living is giving. Tony Robbins
Life is a single player game. Naval Ravikant
Three things in life – your health, your mission, and the people you love. That’s it. Naval Ravikant
If you find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn’t lead anywhere. Frank A. Clark
No man is free who is not master of himself. Epictetus
Don’t explain your philosophy. Embody it. Epictetus
Nothing is worth more than this day. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Life is made of ever so many partings welded together. Charles Dickens
Things which matter most must never be at the mercy of things which matter least. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Your life is your message to the world. Make sure it’s inspiring. Lewis Howes
There is no greater thing you can do with your life and your work than follow your passions – in a way that serves the world and you. Richard Branson
I think it’s much more interesting to live not knowing than to have answers which might be wrong. Richard P. Feynman
The most wasted of days is one without laughter. E. E. Cummings
Your Life’s Task is to express your uniqueness through your work. Robert Greene
The work you do while you procrastinate is probably the work you should be doing for the rest of your life. Jessica Hische
What man actually needs is not a tensionless state but rather the striving and struggling for some goal worthy of him. Viktor Frankl
Life is so constructed, that the event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation. Charlotte Bronte
Life has got all those twists and turns. You’ve got to hold on tight and off you go. Nicole Kidman
In oneself lies the whole world and if you know how to look and learn, the door is there and the key is in your hand. Nobody on earth can give you either the key or the door to open, except yourself. Jiddu Krishnamurti
Nobody ever figures out what life is all about, and it doesn’t matter. Explore the world. Nearly everything is really interesting if you go into it deeply enough. Richard P. Feynman
Challenges are what make life interesting. Overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. Unknown
The purpose of life is to live a life of purpose. Unknown
One of the secrets of life is that all that is really worth the doing is what we do for others. Levi Strauss
You don’t always need a plan. Sometimes you just need to breathe, trust, let go, and see what happens. Mandy Hale
You will never change your life until you change something you do daily. Mike Murdoch
There are two types of pain in this world: pain that hurts you, and pain that changes you. Unknown
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were only walls. Joseph Campbell
Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over. F. Scott Fitzgerald
To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders. Lao Tzu
What makes life dreary is the want of a motive. George Eliot
The only journey is the one within. Rainer Maria Rilke
Knowing thyself is the height of wisdom. Socrates
The only thing more dangerous than ignorance is arrogance. Albert Einstein
Whatever happens, take responsibility. Tony Robbins
The quality of your life is measured by the quality of your questions. Tony Robbins
Self-knowledge is the first step to maturity. Jane Austen
It is better to light a candle than curse the darkness. Eleanor Roosevelt
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. Richard Branson
When you win, say nothing, when you lose, say less. Paul Brown
Wisdom consists in doing the next thing you have to do, doing it with your whole heart, and finding delight in doing it. Meister Eckhart
It is good to have an end to journey toward, but it is the journey that matters in the end. Ursula K. Le Guin
Learn to sell. Learn to build. If you can do both, you will be unstoppable. Naval Ravikant
Play iterated games. All the returns in life, whether in wealth, relationships, or knowledge, come from compound interest. Naval Ravikant
Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do. Pope John XXIII
The harder it is to make a decision, the closer to equivalent your options are. The hardest decisions are often the most inconsequential. Michael
There is a great deal of unmapped country within us. George Eliot
We are more often frightened than hurt; and we suffer more in imagination than in reality. Seneca
If I had to relive my life I would be even more stubborn and uncompromising than I have been. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
Maturity of mind is best shown in slow belief. Baltasar Gracian
Many things cause pain which would cause pleasure if you regarded their advantages. Baltasar Gracian
Today is the only day. Yesterday is gone. John Wooden
No matter what comes up in my life, I know that “This too, will pass”. Unknown
The meaning of life is to give life a meaning. Unknown
In all aspects of life, what’s happening today seems like a much bigger deal than it will appear in retrospect. That’s why it helps to step back to gain perspective and sometimes defer a decision until some time passes. Ray Dalio
Life is simple, but not easy. The problem is we want life to be easy, which makes it complicated. Shane Parrish
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself and you are the easiest person to fool. Richard P. Feynman
You never know how strong you are until being strong is your only choice. Bob Marley
Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. Robert Louis Stevenson
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. Eleanor Roosevelt
Fill your mind with truth; fill your heart with love; fill your life with service. Thomas S. Monson
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular. Roy T. Bennett
Stay close to anything that makes you glad you are alive. Hafez
Comparison is the thief of joy. Theodore Roosevelt
What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. George Eliot
You do not find the happy life. You make it. Camilla Eyring Kimball
Everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while you’re climbing it. Andy Rooney
Happiness is a gift and the trick is not to expect it, but to delight in it when it comes. Charles Dickens
Cheerfulness and contentment are great beautifiers, and are famous preservers of good looks. Charles Dickens
You must give everything to make your life as beautiful as the dreams that dance in your imagination. Roman Payne
Most people’s lives are ruled by momentary pleasure. The most well-beaten paths in life, therefore, don’t lead to long term well-being. Michael
Curb your desire — don’t set your heart on so many things and you will get what you need. Epictetus
Too many people believe that everything must be pleasurable in life. Robert Greene
Think more highly of what fate has given you than of what it has denied. Baltasar Gracian
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts. Marcus Aurelius
Make time for yourself…stop letting yourself be pulled in all directions. Marcus Aurelius
Concentrate on what can be lived (which means the present)… then you can spend the time you have left in tranquility. And in kindness. And at peace with the spirit within you. Marcus Aurelius
Laughter is the fireworks of the soul. Josh Billings
To sit in the shade on a fine day and look upon verdure is the most perfect refreshment. Jane Austen
If you want to feel rich, just count all the gifts you have that money can’t buy. Unknown
The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least. Unknown
Someone else is happy with less than you have. Unknown
The happiest people don’t have the best of everything, they just make the best of everything they have. Unknown
Being happy isn’t having everything in your life be perfect. Maybe it’s about stringing together all the little things. Ann Brashares
The secret of happiness is freedom, the secret of freedom is courage. Thucydides
Men are disturbed not by the things which happen, but by the opinions about the things. Epictetus
Happiness is a risk. If you’re not a little scared, then you’re not doing it right. Sarah Addison Allen
Rules for happiness: Something to do, someone to love, something to hope for. Immanuel Kant
To do two things at once is to do neither. Publius Syrus
Conquest over one’s self; in the hour of victory, is a double triumph. Publius Syrus
Patience is a remedy for every sorrow. Publius Syrus
Whoever is happy will make others happy too. Anne Frank
Enthusiasm moves the world. Arthur Balfour
Be worthy of a worthy mate. Charlie Munger
Love is patient, love is kind. Corinthians 13:4
You are enough just as you are. Meghan Markle
It takes two flints to make a fire. Louisa May Alcott
I am what I wanted and I want what I am. Meister Eckhart
Love is wise, hatred is foolish. Bertrand Russell
Love without sacrifice is like theft. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not. Andre Gide
The highest forms of understanding we can achieve are laughter and human compassion. Richard P. Feynman
Sometimes you will never know the value of a moment, until it becomes a memory. Dr. Seuss
I believe that everything happens for a reason. People change so that you can learn to let go, things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they’re right, you believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself, and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together. Marilyn Monroe
Always give without remembering and always receive without forgetting. Brian Tracy
The things that we love tell us what we are. Thomas Aquinas
Love is rocket fuel for life. Shane Parrish
You are valuable and irreplaceable. If you are ever told otherwise, do not believe it. Unknown
The best feeling in the world is being loved back by the person you love. Unknown
A fit body, a calm mind, a house full of love. These things cannot be bought – they must be earned. Naval Ravikant
In order to master a field, you must love the subject and feel a profound connection to it. Your interest must transcend the field itself and border on the religious. Robert Greene
There is no fear in love, but perfect love casts out fear. 1 John 4:18
And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love. Corinthians 13:13
If you’re brave enough to say goodbye, life will reward you with a new hello. Paulo Coelho
Respect yourself enough to walk away from anything that no longer serves you, grows you, or makes you happy. Robert Tew
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. Mother Teresa
Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit. E.E. Cummings
Have you ever been in love? Horrible isn’t it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up. Neil Gaiman
What greater thing is there for two human souls than to feel that they are joined – to strengthen each other – to be at one with each other in silent unspeakable memories. George Eliot
Future love does not exist. Love is a present activity only. The man who does not manifest love in the present has not love. Leo Tolstoy
The most precious gift we can offer anyone is our attention. When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers. Thich Nhat Hanh
Only your compassion and your loving kindness are invincible, and without limit. Thich Nhat Hanh
Respect yourself if you would have others respect you. Baltasar Gracian
Success is buried on the other side of rejection. Tony Robbins
Winners focus on winning. Losers focus on winners. Eric Thomas
The world makes room for passionate people. Lewis Howes
Successful people are simply those with successful habits. Brian Tracy
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all. Peter Drucker
Whenever an individual or a business decides that success has been attained, progress stops. Thomas Watson
Whatever your goal is you will never succeed unless you let go of your fears and fly. Richard Branson
I think anything is possible if you have the mindset and the will and desire to do it and put the time in. Roger Clemens
So often people are working hard at the wrong thing. Working on the right thing is probably more important than working hard. Caterina Fake
Success is neither magical nor mysterious. Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying the basic fundamentals. Jim Rohn
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking. Henry Ford
We are trying to prove ourselves wrong as quickly as possible, because only in that way can we find progress. Richard P. Feynman
Avoid the false path. A false path in life is generally something we are attracted to for the wrong reasons—money, fame, attention, and so on. Robert Greene
Your work is something connected deeply to who you are, not a separate compartment in your life. Robert Greene
Seek wealth, not money or status. Wealth is having assets that earn while you sleep. Money is how we transfer time and wealth. Status is your place in the social hierarchy. Naval Ravikant
Pick business partners with high intelligence, energy, and, above all, integrity. Naval Ravikant
If you can’t see yourself working with someone for life, don’t work with them for a day. Naval Ravikant
You have to pick something big to work on, because it’s hard to commit your life to something small. Naval Ravikant
Work as hard as you can. Even though who you work with and what you work on are more important than how hard you work. Naval Ravikant
Brick walls are there for a reason. They give us a chance to show how badly we want something. Randy Pausch
Treat your customers like they own you. Because they do. Marc Cuban
Don’t start a company unless it’s an obsession and something you love. If you have an exit strategy, it’s not an obsession. Marc Cuban
Work expands so as to fill the time available for its completion. Cyril Northcote Parkinson
Make your passion and your work one and the same and do it with people you want to be with. Ray Dalio
Losing is a learning experience. It teaches you humility. It teaches you to work harder. It’s also a powerful motivator. Yogi Berra
When you are not practicing, someone else is. When you meet him, he will win. Martial Arts proverb
Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent. Marilyn Vos Savant
It is very important to know who you are. To make decisions. To show who you are. Malala Yousafzai
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success. Swami Sivananda
No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist. Salvador Dali
With self-discipline most anything is possible. Theodore Roosevelt
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend. Henry David Thoreau
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself. Jim Morrison
A single rose can be my garden… a single friend, my world. Leo Buscaglia
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you. Elbert Hubbard
Today will never come again… Be a blessing. Be a friend. Take time to care. Unknown
Listening is often the only thing needed to help someone. Unknown
Being honest may not get you a lot of friends but it’ll always get you the right ones. Unknown
We can’t help everyone, but everyone can help someone. Ronald Reagan
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves. William Arthur Ward
Kindness is always fashionable, and always welcome. Amelia Barr
Each friend represents a world in us, a world not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born. Anais Nin
Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life. Mark Twain
What do we live for, if not to make life less difficult for each other? George Eliot
No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other’s worth. Robert Southey
Animals are such agreeable friends – they ask no questions; they pass no criticisms. George Eliot
Friendship is the inexpressible comfort of feeling safe with a person, having neither to weigh thoughts nor measure words. George Eliot
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble. Frank Tyger
Do I not destroy my enemies when I make them my friends? Abraham Lincoln
A friend to all is a friend to none. Aristotle
My best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake. Aristotle
True happiness arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of one’s self, and in the next, from the friendship and conversation of a few select companions. Joseph Addison
Love is flower like; Friendship is like a sheltering tree. Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Keep good company, read good books, love good things and cultivate soul and body as faithfully as you can. Louisa May Alcott
Next to love, friendship, in my opinion, is the most valuable thing life has to offer. Henry Miller
Keep your friends for friendship, but work with the skilled and competent. Robert Greene
The strong bond of friendship is not always a balanced equation; friendship is not always about giving and taking in equal shares. Instead, friendship is grounded in a feeling that you know exactly who will be there for you when you need something, no matter what or when. Simon Sinek
Friendship that ends was never one; there was at least one sucker in it. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
Trust is harder than friendship. Naval Ravikant
Your closest friends are the ones you can have a relationship with about nothing. Naval Ravikant
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success! Doug Larson
One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives. Euripides
Be willing to be a beginner every single morning. Meister Eckhart
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly. Epictetus
If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid. Epictetus
Adventure is not outside man; it is within. George Eliot
Who is your master? Anyone who has control over things upon which you’ve set your heart, or over things which you seek to avoid. Epictetus
Study hard what interests you the most in the most undisciplined, irreverent and original manner possible. Richard P. Feynmann
If your actions create a legacy that inspires others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, then you are an excellent leader. Dolly Parton
Truly effective and inspiring leaders aren’t driven to lead people, they are driven to serve them. Simon Sinek
You don’t learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing, and by falling over. Richard Branson
Few things in the world are more powerful than a positive push. A smile. A world of optimism and hope. A ‘you can do it’ when things are tough. Richard M. DeVos
Arm yourself with specific knowledge, accountability, and leverage. Naval Ravikant
Become the best in the world at what you do. Keep redefining what you do until this is true. Naval Ravikant
If you’re going to pick 3 cards in the hand you’re dealt, take intelligence, drive, and most importantly, emotional self-discipline. Naval Ravikant
Give me a lever long enough, and a place to stand, and I will move the earth. Archimedes
What I learned on my own I still remember. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
If you want to know what a man’s like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals. J.K. Rowling
School is about dealing with certainties. Life is about the ability to handle the maximal amount of uncertainty. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
In youth we learn; in age we understand. Marie von Ebner-Eschenbac
The most important thing in life is to stop saying ‘I wish’ and start saying ‘I will.’ Consider nothing impossible, then treat possibilities as probabilities. Charles Dickens
Knowledge is not enough, we have to apply it; wanting is not enough, there has to be action. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that’s your own self. Aldous Huxley
You have enemies? Good. That means you’ve stood up for something, sometime in your life. Winston Churchill
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who can’t read them. Mark Twain
When you talk, you are only repeating what you already know. But if you listen, you may learn something new. Dalai Lama
Every moment and every event of every man’s life on earth plants something in his soul. Thomas Merton
Thought is the wind, knowledge the sail, and mankind the vessel. Augustus Hare
Wonder rather than doubt is the root of all knowledge. Abraham Joshua Heschel
A room without books is like a body without a soul. Marcus Tullius Cicero
The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The strongest principle of growth lies in the human choice. George Eliot
I’m smart enough to know that I’m dumb. Richard P. Feynman
Wear a smile and have friends; wear a scowl and have wrinkles. George Eliot
If you want to annoy a poet, explain his poetry. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
Don’t sweat the petty things and don’t pet the sweaty things. George Carlin
I wanted to buy a candle holder, but the store didn’t have one. So I got a cake. Mitch Hedberg
I understand there’s a guy inside me who wants to lay in bed, smoke weed all day, and watch cartoons and old movies. My whole life is a series of stratagems to avoid, and outwit, that guy. Anthony Bourdain
I am an old man and have known a great many troubles, but most of them never happened. Mark Twain
I did not attend his funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it. Mark Twain
Everything is funny, as long as it’s happening to somebody else. Will Rogers
If you would know the value of money, go and try to borrow some. Benjamin Franklin
I am so clever that sometimes I don’t understand a single word of what I am saying. Oscar Wilde
The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool. William Shakespeare
Outside of a dog, a book is man’s best friend. Inside of a dog it’s too dark to read. Groucho Marx
Some things are better left unsaid. Which I generally realize right after I have said them. Unknown
We live in the era of smart phones and stupid people. Unknown
Don’t give up on your dreams. Keep sleeping. Unknown
Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight. Phyllis Diller
We are all here on earth to help others; what on earth the others are here for I don’t know. W. H. Auden
If at first you don’t succeed, then skydiving isn’t for you. Steven Wright
Everywhere is walking distance if you have the time. Steven Wright
You can’t have everything. Where would you put it? Steven Wright
There’s a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot. Steven Wright
Farts are like children, I’m proud of mine and disgusted by yours. Bill Murray
Make the rest of your life the best of your life. Unknown
How does it help… to make troubles heavier by bemoaning them? Seneca
Be comforted, dear soul! There is always light behind the clouds. Louisa May Alcott
Nothing is impossible to a determined woman. Louisa May Alcott
We need never be ashamed of our tears. Charles Dickens
God’s plans for your life exceed the circumstances of your day. Unknown
Life is about breaking our personal limits and outgrowing ourselves to live our best lives. Unknown
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. Aristotle
Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten. Neil Gaiman
A champion is defined not by their wins but by how they can recover when they fall. Serena Williams
If you have good thoughts they will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely. Roald Dahl
Heroes are heroes because they are heroic in behavior, not because they won or lost. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
Whatever you can do or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Magic is believing in yourself, if you can do that, you can make anything happen. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Don’t seek for everything to happen as you wish it would, but rather wish that everything happens as it actually will—then your life will flow well. Epictetus
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be. Douglas Adams
Hold up your head! You were not made for failure, you were made for victory. Go forward with a joyful confidence. George Eliot
The darkest night that ever fell upon the earth never hid the light, never put out the stars. It only made the stars more keenly, kindly glancing, as if in protest against the darkness. George Eliot
Once you realize the future is always uncertain and you can’t ever be 100% sure of any decision or have control over the outcome, it is easier to actually go ahead and decide. Annie Duke
Prayer is man’s greatest power. W. Clement Stone
The next time you experience a blackout, take some solace by looking at the sky. You will not recognize it. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
Life always offers you a second chance… It’s called tomorrow. Nicholas Sparks
Eventually all things fall into place. Until then, laugh at the confusion, live for the moments, and know everything happens for a reason. Albert Schweitzer
You will turn back to me and ask for help, and I will answer your prayers. Jeremiah 29:12-14
When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. Harriet Beecher Stowe
I believe that if one always looked at the skies, one would end up with wings. Gustave Flaubert
Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don’t know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is! Anne Frank
I’ve been absolutely terrified every moment of my life – and I’ve never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do. Georgia O’Keeffe
A single sunbeam is enough to drive away many shadows. Francis of Assisi
Out of difficulties grow miracles. Jean de la Bruyere
We must take care of our families wherever we find them. Elizabeth Gilbert
The power of finding beauty in the humblest things makes home happy and life lovely. Louisa May Alcott
It is not flesh and blood but the heart which makes us fathers and sons. Johann Schiller
Ohana means family – no one gets left behind, and no one is ever forgotten. Chris Sanders and Dean DeBlois
Family and friends are hidden treasures, seek them and enjoy their riches. Wanda Hope Carter
Other things may change us, but we start and end with family. Anthony Brandt
In every conceivable manner, the family is link to our past, bridge to our future. Alex Haley
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don’t wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it’s at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored. Earl Nightingale
The best thing about having a sister was that I always had a friend. Cali Rae Turner
Is solace anywhere more comforting than in the arms of a sister. Alice Walker
Families are the compass that guides us. They are the inspiration to reach great heights, and our comfort when we occasionally falter. Brad Henry
Tennis just a game, family is forever. Serena Williams
Work is work, but family is for life. That’s what really matters to me. Akshay Kumar
I think family is key, and if you have love for family, then you have love for others – and you have unity as a people. Marlon Wayans
The most important thing in the world is family and love. John Wooden
Because brothers don’t let each other wander in the dark alone. Jolene Perry
What is important is family, friends, giving back to your community and finding meaning in life. Adrian Grenier
I’m a minimalist. I don’t really need much to enjoy a good holiday – just my family and the bare essentials. Jean Reno
Never make a companion equal to a brother. Hesiod
When trouble comes, it’s your family that supports you. Guy Lafleur
When brothers agree, no fortress is so strong as their common life. Antisthenes
Families are like fudge – mostly sweet with a few nuts. Unknown
It didn’t matter how big our house was; it mattered that there was love in it. Peter Buffett
My family is my strength and my weakness. Aishwarya Rai Bachchan
Sometimes being a brother is even better than being a superhero. Marc Brown
The single most important factor in our long-term happiness is the relationships we have with our family and close friends. Clayton Christensen
Home is where you are loved the most and act the worst. Marjorie Pay Hinckley
While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about. Angela Schwindt
Help your brother’s boat across, and your own will reach the shore. Hindu Proverb
All that I am or ever hope to be, I owe to my angel Mother. Abraham Lincoln
A fit body, a calm mind, a house full of love. These things cannot be bought — they must be earned. Naval Ravikant
Desire is a contract that you make with yourself to be unhappy until you get what you want. Naval Ravikant
You make your own luck if you stay at it long enough. Naval Ravikant
The more it matters who said it, the less it actually matters. Naval Ravikant
Money does buy happiness, if you earned it. Naval Ravikant
Choose the non-emotional response to any given situation and see how much easier your life becomes. Naval Ravikant
The modern mind is overstimulated and the modern body is understimulated and overfed. Meditation, exercise, and fasting restore an ancient balance. Naval Ravikant
If you survey enough people, all the advice will cancel to zero. You have to have your own point of view. Naval Ravikant
A busy calendar and a busy mind will destroy your ability to create anything great. Naval Ravikant
Escape competition through authenticity. Naval Ravikant
Persistent, non-specific anxiety is the result of wanting so much, talking so much, and doing so much that you lose touch with the quiet joys of solitude. Naval Ravikant
